feat(iotda): add devices datasource support (#4526)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/iotda_devices.md

  The valid values are as follows:
  + **true**: Represents querying all levels of sub devices under a device with a device ID equal to gateway ID.
  + **false**: Represents the first level child devices under the device with the query device ID equal to gateway ID.
  
* `node_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the node ID of the device to be queried.

* `node_type` - (Optional, String) Specifies the node type of the devices to be queried.  
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **ENDPOINT**: Non-directly connected devices.
  + **GATEWAY**: Directly connected devices or gateways.
  + **UNKNOWN**: Unknown.

* `status` - (Optional, String) Specifies the status of the devices to be queried.  
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **ONLINE**: Device is online.
  + **OFFLINE**: Device is offline.
  + **ABNORMAL**: Device is abnormal.
  + **INACTIVE**: Device is inactive.
  + **FROZEN**: Device is frozen.

* `device_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the device to be queried.

* `name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the name of the device to be queried.

* `start_time` - (Optional, String) Specifies the start time to be queried. The query result shows devices created after

>   this time (Including devices created at this time).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  this time (including devices created at this time).
```

Reviewer: It is better to give an example for fields `start_time` and `end_time`.

  this time (excluding devices created at this time).

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

* `devices` - All devices that match the filter parameters.
  The [devices](#iotda_devices) structure is documented below.

<a name="iotda_devices"></a>
The `devices` block supports:

* `space_id` - The space ID to which the device belongs.

* `space_name` - The space name to which the device belongs.

* `product_id` - The product ID to which the device belongs.

* `product_name` - The product name to which the device belongs.

* `gateway_id` - The ID of the parent device to which the device belongs

* `id` - The device ID.

* `name` - The device name.

* `node_id` - The node ID of the device.

* `node_type` - The node type of the device.

* `description` - The description of the device.

* `status` - The status of the device.

* `fw_version` - The firmware version of the device.

* `sw_version` - The software version of the device.

* `sdk_version` - The SDK information of the device.

> * `tags` - The list of tags for the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - The tags of the device, key/value pair format.
```
